c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Bot Application1.dll.config
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Bot Application1.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Bot Application1.pdb
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Chronic.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.xml
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.xml
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\ar\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\en\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\es\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\fa\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\fr\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\ja\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\ru\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\zh-hans\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\obj\Debug\bot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\obj\Debug\Bot Application1.dll
c:\users\bashitha.hemantha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\obj\Debug\Bot Application1.pdb
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Bashitha.Hemantha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\bot\bot\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
